Feature/mapbox getting started (#785)
MapsPeople/docs: src/web/v4/getting-started/search.md

> For more information on available events and how to configure the `<mi-search>` component, see [components.mapsindoors.com/search](https://components.mapsindoors.com/search/).

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="mb-manually">

> MapsIndoors Locations can be retrieved in the mapsindoors namespace using the `LocationsService.getLocations()` method but first you need to add a `<input>` and `<button>` element to the DOM.

Reviewer: Do we need backticks on the `mapsindoors` word in the term "mapsindoors namespace"?

Author: Probably a good idea.

> MapsIndoors Locations can be retrieved in the mapsindoors namespace using the `LocationsService.getLocations()` method but first you need to add a `<input>` and `<button>` element to the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapsIndoors Locations can be retrieved in the mapsindoors namespace using the `LocationsService.getLocations()` method but first you need to add an `<input>` and `<button>` element to the DOM.
```

> MapsIndoors Locations can be retrieved in the mapsindoors namespace using the `LocationsService.getLocations()` method but first you need to add an `<input>` and `<button>` element to the DOM.

Author: ```suggestion
MapsIndoors Locations can be retrieved in the `mapsindoors` namespace using the `LocationsService.getLocations()` method but first you need to add an `<input>` and `<button>` element to the DOM.
```

* Create an `<input>` and `<button>` element in `<body>`.
* Attach an `onclick` event to the `<button>` element and call a `onSearch` method, which you will create next.

```diff-html
<!-- index.html -->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title>MapsIndoors</title>
  <script src="https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/js/sdk/4.17.0/mapsindoors-4.17.0.js.gz?apikey=YOUR_MAPSINDOORS_API_KEY"></script>
  <script src='https://api.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/v1.10.1/mapbox-gl.js'></script>
  <link href='https://api.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/v1.10.1/mapbox-gl.css' rel='stylesheet' />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="map" style="width: 600px; height: 600px;"></div>
  <script src="main.js"></script>
+ <input type="text" placeholder="Search">
+ <button onclick="onSearch()">Search</button>
</body>
</html>
```

* Create the `onSearch` method.
* Get a reference to the search `<input>` element.
* Define a new object with the search parameter `q` and the value of `searchInputElement`.

> * Call the `getLocations` method and log out the results to the console.

Reviewer: Styling question: Should we have periods at the end of list items? I think either way is fine, but we should try and be consistent 🙂 (I don't know which style we use the most—periods or no periods.)

Author: For my personal writing style, I'd be inclined to be consistent WITH periods - But it's not something I've been super aware of previously, so I'll be consistent from here on out.

// main.js

const mapViewOptions = {
    accessToken: 'YOUR_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN',
    element: document.getElementById('map'),
    center: { lat: 38.8974905, lng: -77.0362723 }, // The White House
    zoom: 17,
    maxZoom: 22,
};
const mapViewInstance = new mapsindoors.mapView.MapboxView(mapViewOptions);
const mapsIndoorsInstance = new mapsindoors.MapsIndoors({ mapView: mapViewInstance });

// Floor Selector
const floorSelectorElement = document.createElement('div');
new mapsindoors.FloorSelector(floorSelectorElement, mapsIndoorsInstance);
mapboxInstance.addControl({ onAdd: function () { return floorSelectorElement }, onRemove: function () { } });

+ function onSearch() {
+   const searchInputElement = document.querySelector('input');
  
+   const searchParameters = { q: searchInputElement.value };
+   mapsindoors.services.LocationsService.getLocations(searchParameters).then(locations => {
+     console.log(locations);
+   });
+ }
```

> See all available search parameters in the [reference documentation](https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/js/sdk/latest/docs/mapsindoors.services.LocationsService.html#.getLocations).

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="mb-components">

> Using the `<mi-search>` component you get a `<input>`element tied tightly together with the [Location Service](https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/js/sdk/latest/docs/LocationsService.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `<mi-search>` component you get an `<input>`element tied tightly together with the [Location Service](https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/js/sdk/latest/docs/LocationsService.html).
```

"tied tightly together" is a tongue-twister. Could it be rephrased?

* Insert the `<mi-search>` custom element into `<body>`.
* Add the `mapsindoors` and `placeholder` attributes.

```diff-html
<!-- index.html -->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  <title>MapsIndoors</title>
  <script src="https://unpkg.com/@mapsindoors/components@8.2.0/dist/mi-components/mi-components.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <mi-map-mapbox style="width: 600px; height: 600px;"
    accessToken="YOUR_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN"
    mi-api-key="YOUR_MAPSINDOORS_API_KEY"
    floor-selector-control-position="TOP_RIGHT">
  </mi-map-mapbox>
  <script src="main.js"></script>
+ <mi-search style="width: 600px;" mapsindoors="true" placeholder="Search">
+ </mi-search>
</body>
</html>
```

* Get a reference to the `<mi-search>` element.

> * Attach an `results` event listener and log out the results to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Attach a `results` event listener and log the results in the console.
```

+ });
```

</mi-tab-panel>
<mi-tab-panel id="mb-manually">

> * Call `mapsIndoorsInstance.filter` with an array of location IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Call `mapsIndoorsInstance.filter` with an array of Location IDs.
```
